# SLoC - Seven Levels of Code

### About

#### Summary
Seven Levels of Code is a programming-themed browser game built using the HTML 5 canvas, JavaScript (written in ES6), and procedural generation.

The player is presented with a procedurally generated dungeon that they must escape by clearing the floor of 'bugs' - places where the dungeon misbehaves, causing strange behavior. When all have been cleared, the last remaining bug will take the player to the next level.

Once all bugs have been cleared on the seventh floor the player has finished their goal. They are then presented with the option to play again, or continue delving deeper into even more difficult levels.

#### General Implementation

The game as a whole is built utilizing a Grid, which is a custom data structure that adds additional functionality to a 2d array and thus making it easier to use. From there, each element is referred to as a cell, and these cells are manipulated in various ways throughout the game. Changing cell positions and values result in rooms, corridors, players, enemies, and more.

#### Procedural Generation

Procedural generation is implemented by utilizing the aforementioned grid and then placing `rooms` and `corridors`.

The rooms are subsets of the grid that are created using a supplied width/height range and a number of attempts. Using these the generator attempts to place as many rooms as possible, ignoring any that overlap already placed rooms.

The corridors instead are generated by selecting a random room as the start, another random room as the end, and a point in each, and then drawing a path to each of them, iterating over potential x/y values until the match the target. The process is repeated as many times as there are rooms.


#### Developer Retro
[Further Details Found Here](https://gist.github.com/ExCaelum/eabe59a3cacf1742e4afeb401ea9d87e)


### Installation

To install the dependencies:

```
npm install
```

To fire up a development server:

```
npm start
```

Once the server is running, you can visit:

* `http://localhost:8080/webpack-dev-server/` to run your application.
* `http://localhost:8080/webpack-dev-server/test.html` to run your test suite in the browser.

To build the static files:

```js
npm run build
```


To run tests in Node:

```js
npm test
```
